 6
 6 wTUR
 wTUR 6
 6 facial recognition. A majority of the
al attacks w/ object classification, so I
No to adversarial attacks and facial
al moda black-dox models (e.g
r stuchr could Ae worthwhile.
Nhods om the terature and test
t's sador ade (possibly
eoukt ichke sone sinpler
wiesaow fea theuis
w dridas dre se ar
Ro aeexsis
 facial recognition. A majority of the al attacks w/ object classification, so I No to adversarial attacks and facial al moda black-dox models (e.g r stuchr could Ae worthwhile. Nhods om the terature and test t's sador ade (possibly eoukt ichke sone sinpler wiesaow fea theuis w dridas dre se ar Ro aeexsis Paper: "Can we still avoid automatic face detection?
Asthors: Wilber, MJ, Shmatikov, V, and Belongie, S
Sastitufion: Comell University
Date: 2015
Objective: Use a variety of techniques to evade facial recognition of Facebo
explored include "synthetic image transformations using various image filter
methods, ie. sunglasses, scarves, hats, and so on.
Findings: Several filters substantially degraded photos quality. High levels o
poved to be highly effective in decreasing Facebook's ability to recognize an
keavily degrading a human's ability to do so. On the highest setting for Gause
Yusdnok recognized just 229% of images. Drawing white lines through eyes p
s11eetive method of preventing Facebook from recognizing images, with just a
recognition. Other methods, such as warping, swirling, and puting keope
HMge proved to be very effective. Nevertheless, the highly degrade imagq
Ulninately, occlusions and noise are effective means of preventing e
ow Faccbook's responsivity to Gaussian noise, et, Aas ohegel Honere
mntai Cind experiment design, A good number orimage filersep
 Paper: "Can we still avoid automatic face detection? Asthors: Wilber, MJ, Shmatikov, V, and Belongie, S Sastitufion: Comell University Date: 2015 Objective: Use a variety of techniques to evade facial recognition of Facebo explored include "synthetic image transformations using various image filter methods, ie. sunglasses, scarves, hats, and so on. Findings: Several filters substantially degraded photos quality. High levels o poved to be highly effective in decreasing Facebook's ability to recognize an keavily degrading a human's ability to do so. On the highest setting for Gause Yusdnok recognized just 229% of images. Drawing white lines through eyes p s11eetive method of preventing Facebook from recognizing images, with just a recognition. Other methods, such as warping, swirling, and puting keope HMge proved to be very effective. Nevertheless, the highly degrade imagq Ulninately, occlusions and noise are effective means of preventing e ow Faccbook's responsivity to Gaussian noise, et, Aas ohegel Honere mntai Cind experiment design, A good number orimage filersep C
 C C
 C 8
 8